updated metric definition and supported roles related information for… (#9492)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/includes/teams-reports-definitions.md

|Item  |Definition  |
|---------|---------|

> |Active user     |Measures the number of unique users who perform an action in Teams during the specified date range. for user activity report, This represent active users across tenant. However for Teams usage report, This represent active users only within active Teams    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Active user     |Measures the number of unique users who perform an action in Teams during the specified date range for the user activity report, This represents active users across the tenant. However, for the Teams usage report, it represents active users only within active Teams.    |
```

> |Active user     |Measures the number of unique users who perform an action in Teams during the specified date range for the user activity report, This represents active users across the tenant. However, for the Teams usage report, it represents active users only within active Teams.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Active user     |Measures the number of unique users who perform an action in Teams during the specified date range for the user activity report. This represents active users across the tenant. However, for the Teams usage report, it represents active users only within active Teams.    |
```
